Permission to copy, display, perform, modify and distribute the
WS-Discovery Specification (the "Specification", which includes
WSDL and schema documents), and to authorize others to do the
foregoing, in any medium without fee or royalty is hereby granted
for the purpose of developing and evaluating the Specification.

BEA Systems, Canon, Intel, Microsoft, and webMethods, Inc.
(collectively, the "Co-Developers") each agree to grant a license
to third parties, under royalty-free and other reasonable,
non-discriminatory terms and conditions, to their respective
essential Licensed Claims, which reasonable, non-discriminatory
terms and conditions may include, for example, but are not limited
to, an affirmation  of the obligation to grant reciprocal licenses
under any of the licensee's patents that are necessary to implement
the Specification.

DISCLAIMERS:

THE SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND THE CO-DEVELOPERS MAKE
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS
OF THE SPECIFICATION ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

THE CO-DEVELOPERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY
USE OF THE SPECIFICATION OR THE PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF
THE CONTENTS THEREOF.

You may remove these disclaimers from your modified versions of the
Specification provided that you effectively disclaim all warranties
and liabilities on behalf of all Co-developers and any copyright
holders in the copies of any such modified versions you distribute.

The name and trademarks of the Co-developers may NOT be used in any
manner, including advertising or publicity pertaining to the
Specification or its contents without specific, written prior
permission. Title to copyright in the Specification will at all
times remain with Microsoft.

No other rights are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise.
